Update tubemq_user_guide.md (#61)
gosonzhang/TubeMQ: docs/tubemq_user_guide.md

# TubeMQ User Guide
## Prerequisites

> - Java 7/8(Java 9+ are not verified yet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Java 1.7 or 1.8(Java 9 and above haven't been verified yet)
```

```

You also need to update your `/etc/hosts` file on the master servers. Add other master
server IPs in this way, assume the ip is `192.168.1.2`:
##### /etc/hosts
```
192.168.1.2 192-168-1-2
```

## High Availability

> In above example, we run the services on a single node. However, in the real production environment, you may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, we run the services on a single node. However, in real production environment, you
```
